hi guys what's up and welcome back to
the small attic channel I'm really
excited that you're here today and I
know that this week is just totally
bizarre a lot of us are quarantined or
just working from home and all of our
routines are completely thrown off a lot
can change I know on a day-to-day basis
so maybe even as I'm filming this and as
you're watching this things have changed
but I did just want to provide you with
a really really awesome at home
functional total body workout small
etics approved that you can do with no
equipment all you need is this two
little soup cans I got my little chick
pea cans here that's it that's all you
need it's gonna be very challenging
workout I'm gonna run you through the
workout so you can know what to expect
but it's also going to be doable for all
fitness levels so I will show you
modifications as we go through I'm gonna
do it with you because I haven't worked
out yet myself today I haven't even been
outside I've been practicing social
distancing and just staying in as much
as possible to help prevent the spread
of the c-word I want to let you guys
know that on my Instagram channel just
search at smolitics
I do have a highlight and it's just
called pet home check that out it has
over 40 workouts you can do at home
mostly with no equipment some of them
are bands but it's mostly no equipment
and a lot of people have been telling me
that it's been like saving their life
please check it out if you're struggling
to figure out what to do at home
it has so much in there that you can use
totally free okay so you guys today we
have a total body workout it's gonna be
awesome
where I'm gonna take you through a
mobility warm-up portion where we get
some stretches we get our heart rate
going then we're gonna move into our
first strength circuit it's gonna be
four exercises four reps we're gonna
repeat that circuit two times through
we'll get a rest break then we're gonna
move on to strengthen circuit number two
with another four exercises of strength
and a rest break we're gonna do that for
two circuits and then we're
move on to a plyo circuit this is just
gonna be three exercises high intensity
to get our heart rate up and get that
sweat in and then we're gonna finish
with some abs and core because I know
how much you guys love working core and
abs and then of course I'm gonna lead
you through a really nice soothing met
like not minute I was gonna say
meditation is not meditation just to
cool down we're gonna just you know get
back in our bodies and just appreciate
our bodies for the work we've done so
I'm gonna do it with you live time the
whole thing and I haven't done this in a
while with you guys on YouTube so I'm
really excited so without further ado
grab your soup cans grab a mat you don't
necessarily need sneakers I just have
them on and I will see you at the mat
all right you guys we're starting on the
floor for our warm up on your back right
here starting by just bringing one knee
into your chest giving it a nice hug and
then switching sides and you want to
start to also just start to wake up the
breath a little bit notice your
breathing you can now bring your knees
diagonally across the body and get more
of a stretch in your glutes good now
we're gonna straighten out one leg you
want to grab either below the knee or
above the knee but not behind the knee
give it a nice stretch and then switch
sides back and forth right here and just
wake up the core a little bit you can
lift your shoulders and your neck and
chest off of the floor but use your core
to do that
try not to strain your neck back and
forth right here you're gonna wear out
the breath getting a nice stretch behind
and the hamstrings good both feet
planted on the ground and neck back on
the ground we're gonna now press through
the heels raise legs into the air
squeeze the glutes and the core and back
down so just up and down
[Music]
good few more really drawing that belly
button into the spine getting a nice
squeeze in the gluts good last one right
here
good feet out in front of you nice and
long hands above the head on a count of
three when I count down to one we're
going to do one it's straight leg set up
together we're gonna take a deep breath
in right now and three two one sit up
exhale good we're flipping over now into
tabletop position so we're right under
most top wrists are directly underneath
the shoulders that we're going to just
move into some pack house on your own
time rounding the spine flexing the
spine apart braiding the breath and if
you want you can add some side-to-side
motions with this really whatever feels
good at this point just getting warmed
up
good back to a neutral spine now I'm
going to take one wrist just flip it
over don't press down too hard just
gently stretch it and place it back
taking the other hand flip it over
gently stretch your forearms and wrists
now we're going to take one wrist and
the other wrist
and stretch them back a little bit it's
okay if you don't have mobility to do
this just do what you can
good and back to neutral now we're gonna
press into downward dogs tuck the back
toes under press back get a nice stretch
send the hips up and back nice stretch
in the back of the legs and hamstrings
and you're gonna pedal out the feet put
a lot of the heels blue Authority get a
toasty in here I probably should turn on
the ICI peddling them out you're gonna
lift our right leg and thread it through
right here coming down resting that knee
right here can you come to the kneeling
position
now we're gonna stretch the front of our
hip flexor right here you're going to
take your hands and inhale as we
slightly move press press the hips
forward and exhale you're going to
straighten out this leg sit back
stretching hamstring again inhale get a
nice stretch exhale sit back stretching
the arm straight a few more inhale and
exhale last one right here inhale
good hands training the feet let's tuck
that back tail under come up into a low
lunge
now you're going to if your right leg is
forward you're going to open up the
right arm and rotate into low lunge
opening up the chest and the shoulder to
the ceiling rotating the torso looking
up at the ceiling getting a nice stretch
we're going to come back to Center here
and hands framing the feet you're going
to just straighten the leg back and
forth a few times whatever is available
to you here if not you can just hang out
here good now we're going to take the
right hand put it onto the inside of the
right foot pivot that lock that back
heel to the ground and open up the
opposite side of the room rotating the
torso looking up let's just feeling
again back to Center
knees down back to tabletop we're going
to switch sides so you putting that left
foot forward now and we're going to come
up and inhale stretching this part of
our hip and exhale exhale ends sit back
stretch that hamstring out again inhale
who did you go through that just popped
and sit back exhale again inhale all the
way up and exhale stretch that hamstring
and last one inhale
and exhale hands framing the feet let's
tuck that back toe under help into a low
lunge but now we're going to rotate to
the left side of the room opening up the
chest on the opposite side now looking
and feeling go ahead back to Center at
the center position
we're straightening out the front leg a
few times right here back and forth just
getting a nice stretch and now you're
going to bring that left hand to the
inside of your left foot pivot the right
heel to the ground and open up on this
side hopefully you guys are getting a
little bit more warm we're getting our
blood flowing mobility in good now you
can come facing the center toes facing
the same direction we're gonna just go
into some windmill so you're gonna bend
one knee reach with opposite foot come
back bend the other knee reach the
opposite foot okay so we're opening up
the hips here really good opener
stretching the hamstrings who are
hinging at the hips reaching to the
opposite foot exhaling remember your
breath both toes are facing one
direction
whoo this feels so good
[Music]
all right last three two one good shake
it up coming to standing we're gonna
just warm up our squat a little bit so
you're gonna come to your squat position
which is your feet about shoulder width
distance toes turn slightly out to about
a 45 degree angle for the knees and
we're just gonna reach down if you're
this is your mobility that's totally
fine if you can touch your toes that's
great
nothing meters better or worse just
wherever you're at and then you're just
going to bend the knees keep the knees
open press knees open with your arms
booty back up and then come to standing
so we're down squatting blue up standing
down
squatting pressing the knees out opening
up the hips wake up standing now if
you're finding that your heels are
rising when you do this off the floor
like this that's okay just a mobility
issue you can work on that over time you
might need to do some additional
stretches you can do these right now
actually this is happening to you you
can stretch your Achilles against a wall
okay so you want to get this part of
your calf to be a little bit more
stretched you can do both sides and we
have one more left with these down knee
up standing good and shake it out now
for some standing stretches we're gonna
bring one leg into our test give a nice
hug then again just a few of these we
did these lying down now we're just
standing up good
few more moving on to quads you're gonna
grab your foot other hand OOP don't lose
your balance other hand goes up into the
sky up on the tippy toe back down
switching sides make sure you go up on
your toe you might lose your balance
it's totally fine we just want to warm
out that extension with the hips knees
and ankles really important to warm this
up you're also getting a nice stretch in
your quads and your hip flexors keeping
those knees together a few more right
here breathing whoop last one good let's
do some hamstring scoops one foot out in
front you're gonna hinge at the hip
stretch the back of your legs and reach
to the sky this is kind of like the bend
and snap
for my lady to or familiar and next up
don't do the snap part we're just
reaching down stretching up to the sky
really good and stretch for its back the
hamstrings and you guys will notice the
entire warm-up was dynamic you don't
want to do many static stretches as a
part of your warmup you definitely
definitely want to do mobile dynamic
stretches and see if the static
stretches for the ends
few more last one good let's get the
heart rate up now we're just going to do
a nice jog in place for a few seconds
I'm starting to get really sweaty so
this is happening so you know it was a
good warm-up alright jogging
let's move into some really light low
butt kicks they don't have to be all out
Prince they're really low high knees
nothing crazy
not going to parallel just in place
right here
back to jogging I see casual shake it up
and relax sorry guys
that was the warm-up I hope that you're
feeling super warm you can do this
workout this warm-up before any of your
strength workouts go ahead and grab a
sip of water
before we move into the first strength
circuit okay so we're doing these
perhaps in the first string circuit we
have four exercises we have a tempo
pushup which I'll show you how to do all
the exercises we have it's single leg
deadlift we have a squat pulse another
tempo exercise and wall slides for our
shoulders
lots of tempo work in here since we
don't have weights tempo work is going
to help you keep your muscles strong and
maintain your muscle you know you're not
lifting weights because we're increasing
the time under tension for the muscle so
we're going to start in the plank
position on the floor we have our first
tempo push-up okay so playing position
hands directly underneath the shoulders
tuck the hips under squeeze the gluts
and the core we're gonna go down very
slowly for a count of five and we're
gonna hold for one at the bottom and
that's where the tempo comes in
so you're know five four three two one
hold for one second push-up okay that's
one we're doing five you can go on your
knees right here two three four five
hold up or if it's available two right
here we got five four three two one
hold up we've got two more left you got
this five four three two one
hold press up last one you guys stay
strong five four three two one hold it
up and that is our tempo pushup next up
we have a single leg deadlift we've got
deep reps on
if you're going to be a lot of single
Exynos hinging at the hips reaching your
feet out coming to a 90-degree angle
here and then coming back to standing so
you're gonna feel stretch in the back
your leg you're working on your
hamstrings you're reaching out and
friendly and back that's 2 3 we're also
working on a lot of stability in the leg
right here for halfway there also
working on single leg strength is a good
way to increase the intensity when you
don't have weights right because it's
double the load if you're just using one
leg last three really good and three
okay you guys keep it up you got this
[Music]
five six two more you got it seven and
eight good and remember we just went
through the squat form so we're going to
be doing some cool spots now we're gonna
answer our squat stance to it stretch
slightly out focus on driving those
knees out we're going to come down into
a squat you want your hip crease to be
right below your knees but if you're up
here and that's all that feels good for
you that's totally fine so drive those
knees out coming down here and we're
pulsing it out five four three two one
and skin again five four three two one
and stand that's two we got ten five
four three two one stand by stand but
four three two one stand we're halfway
there
five four three two one stand as you're
doing this try to really squeeze your
glutes fire the glutes we got four more
instead of using all your clogs really
squeeze the glutes together when they're
down there
try to hold tension exhale you stand up
last two three two one stand last one
three two one and ten whoo my legs are
on fire part you guys we're on our
fourth exercise in the strength circuit
moving into a wall slide this is an
exercise for your shoulders and back you
want to come up against the wall and put
your hands in the air
position and most important thing here
is to close your lower back into the
wall so shouldn't be like this with your
booty stick it down for me not like that
right you want to close that's like
tucking your pelvis under if I were to
try to shove my hands in your back I
wouldn't be able to get my hand in there
okay from here this is our active
recovery right now we're raising my
hands above the head they're probably
not going to go straight this is a
pretty hard exercise so just take it at
your own speed really just want to focus
on our counter back strength mobility
here that's three let's do six last two
these are so much harder than they look
one more United and rest we got
30-second rest right here so I'm gonna
time it for you guys I'm going to take
it with you thirty Seconds make sure you
grab some water and you're not just
doing this without my hydration all
right another 20 seconds on the clock
I'm gonna grab my water so here's what's
next we're gonna do this circuit one
more time a little bit faster since you
guys know what's up now you know it's in
the circuit last ten seconds of recovery
right here and again these are the
strength circuits so you might not be
sweating yet that's totally okay my
apartment is 100 degrees so that's
probably why I'm sweating all right you
guys let's get back to it it's the
second way through this circuit starting
with the tempo push-ups starting in the
plank position here we go one hold one
second one pull-up squeeze those glutes
five four three two one pull and up I
can't remember the 4:45 so we'll do one
more okay here we go
five four three two one hold for one
second and up hey stop you guys having
this standing we have our single leg
dead lifts eight on each side starting
with whichever like you like we're
hinging at the hips getting a nice
stretch in the hamstring coming back to
standing inhale
stabilized thanks Dale three with you
[Music]
stay with it last one right here eight
good and switching legs now we've got
one
countries are tight probably from all
sitting to free keeping a soft bend in
that need you don't want your need to be
completely straight I stopped that last
for here we go dog this size up to more
good one and that's moving on to our
squat pulses okay you guys remember we
have ten of these babies here we go we
got one two three four five squeezing
the gluts that's one four five that's
two one two three four five
five
[Music]
three four five halfway there you guys
keep it up three four five we got four
more left squeeze those glutes at the
top last three two three four five and
up three four five and up one more right
here
five four three one and up thanks you
guys
great job you're almost through the
first straight circuit moving on to
power wall slide last exercise here tuck
that tail blender suppose this gets
between your lower back in the wall
let's get eight of these babies in -
losing your mouth
[Music]
I boot these are great
six
[Music]
seven one more and yeah good job you
guys
grab some water I got 30 seconds rest
with you guys before we move on to the
next circuit
I'm officially sweating I can see beads
of sweat it's about to get really
goodness okay so in our second circuit
our strength circuits still doing
strength not moving into the plyo slash
hits phase yet we are working on four
exercises again same format first we
have a curtsy lunge with a hold next up
we have a rear delt fly that's where
your soup cans are gonna come into play
so make sure you have those nearby we
have lateral raise after that with the
soup cans and then lastly we have a
single leg glute bridge as our active
recovery alright so starting with the
curtsy lunge so curtsy lunge it's all
about legs and booty you're going to be
stepping back right here we're gonna
hold for one second at the bottom so
your knee is almost touching the ground
we're working this legs from on squeeze
this glute and then press through the
heel as you stand up okay that's one
hold that's two and up
three hold up good job you guys
four five hold off lay there on this
side six hold exhale on the way up
inhale on the way down last three hold
you can really see how the tempo
training is starting to burn and you're
really gonna start feeling it soon last
one right here it pulled and up good
switching sides now front stepping back
hold on this side press to the front
heel to come to standing us one two down
hold three down hold for really
squeezing that lose the whole time you
want to hold tension here we're halfway
there
last five right here hold
or hold up last three hold class to you
guys pull up for one second last one and
all right grab your pins pull chickpea
hands we're doing a rear delt fly this
is good for your delts for the back of
your shoulder so your deltoid is your
shoulder muscle or in the back of our
shoulders and some of those smaller
muscles in our back as well starting
with the cans in your hands you're going
to hinge at the hips into a flat back
position the knees are soft and then
bellybutton into your spine and keep
your shoulders down and back
okay so not up your ears it's down back
right here you're just gonna be growing
up and back squeeze your shoulder blades
together in the back
okay that's one two we're holding for a
second again lots of tempo training
today to keep you guys strong three
imagine that you're trying to pinch a
pencil wave sorry I pencil between your
shoulder blades okay that's how you're
squeezing in the back five six
seven job you guys ate over halfway
there I'm really feeling this nine you
can even do this without the weight so
it's getting too heavy ten five more
keep that one second hold at the top
good
you have four hold last three guys keep
that core nice and tight to cool and
don't hold don't help enhance them we're
going to use these for the lateral raise
next so lateral raise standing nice and
tall roll the shoulders back nice proud
chest and we're just coming up holding
for a second coming back down okay so
it's a pretty simple movement try to
keep your arms straight keep your
shoulders down away from your ears so
you don't want to do this right
that's just one cause use some neck pain
later on keep those shoulders actively
pulling it down good
oh there are you guys we've got six hold
nice and slow all the way down
seven slow on the way down eight fold
all the way down nine hold me down
[Music]
alright cuz if you can top to the side
we're coming into a single leg glute
bridge for our active Wrexham coming on
back right here you're going to be
pressing through one heel other looking
at the sky coming out squeeze that glute
for one and then come back down that's
one two three this is too hard
no worries you're just gonna do what we
did in the warm-up okay so that double
leg glute bench yeah we got six let's go
you guys two more nine squeeze of the
top side blue last one ten squeeze
squeeze squeeze two and down let's
switch sides sorry my camera died a
second Oh Rebecca - poor I shouldn't say
I just can't film for longer than we
think it's one of them into the tent but
we're back for squeezing press through
that heel
five six job you guys keeping everything
tight squeeze that glute seven last
three you got this - last one right here
squeeze at the top
sweet sweet sweet
and out top you guys we have 30 second
break right here no meat
we are halfway through the workout cut a
little over halfway through the workout
spike point so great job you're doing
amazing
keep it up the rest there ten seconds
and repeating this circuit again a
little bit faster since we know all the
exercises now so get ready to start
starting with the curtsy lunge here we
go you guys pressing back stepping back
round there hold for a second and come
up to standing good two hold three down
now pull five you got this whole six
hold you got it
seven fit up to you eight
last one right here hold and up good
switch hands side is now coming down
hold for one second
Presley's I heal all the way up that's
one two three good job you guys keep it
up hold for hold five you got it hold
six hold seven yes it is
keep it going eight next two right here
stay with me you guys last one hold good
grab a suit can see we have our bent
over the rear delt slides
yeah but hinging at the hips knees are
nice and soft and we're going up holding
for a second and nice slow on the way
down
remember you guys shoulders away from
the ears okay be mindful of your breath
six hold seven eight
tonight I'm squeezing and pinching my
shoulder blades coming back last five
three hold to hold a little last one
right here
up hold love feeling good you guys okay
you're not just sitting here watching
this but you're doing it with me up into
our lateral raises now again we're
coming up holding for a second and the
nice and slow all the way down three
four job guys keep it up bye
six you're getting some weird clicking
in your shoulder you come out more
towards the front at an angle that
should help with any shoulder and pinion
and Vikrant issues there's not
necessarily a bad thing sometimes the
ligaments can get trapped and just click
last for right here you go you guys it's
got four three nice and slow on the way
down cute and last one hold and smell
all the way down all right when this you
cans finishing off our circuit with
every single leg bridge coming down
first like here we go we got one let's
do that heel to squeeze at the top and
down three squeeze and hold
[Music]
for full principles and down five
halfway there
six job you guys one more that's like
remember you can do bridges with both
legs be need last three move up to one
good and switching sides leg up guys two
three hold water squeeze Natalie went
into the spine let's take four five six
well this feels great seven eight
nine more you guys you got this we're
gonna hold to the top pull them squeeze
squeeze squeeze and relax all right you
guys we got a 30 second break right here
we are in the final stretch I'm sweating
probably sweating but if you're not
you're about to thrill so we have a hit
portion it's really quick just meant to
get your heart rate up and get some some
metabolic after burn going okay guys
it's going to boost your metabolism to
do this portion so we're moving into our
plyo section we have just three
exercises for this it's gonna be quick
we got burpees you're gonna do 10 of
those I'll show you the modifications we
have mountain climbers and then we have
some squat drops okay so all things we
can do at home all right starting with
the perky's so variations we're in the
start go into it you can either come
down jump the feet up and do a jump you
can reach down step back you don't wanna
bother your neighbors no jump either one
up to you long as you're in this meeting
we've got three
it's it seven you got it
eight stay with me nine last month ten
and come straight down into the plank
position for some mountain climbers okay
booty down tuck that value in it we have
40 now my wrist we got one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten one
two three four five six nine ten halfway
there two three four five six seven
eight nine ten when we got ten nine
eight seven six five four three two one
good job you guys coming up to standing
for our squad chimes your squat down
jump up if you want to just do speeds
but that's totally fine four five six
seven eight nine
keep going ten last ten nine eight seven
six five four three two and one
I'm not right all right you guys I'm for
real sweating now
that was one time through our plyo we're
gonna do it another time
grab some water we got 15 seconds till
we hit it again I'm gonna try to catch
my breath
starting up and in five four three two
and one
here we go with our burpees we got ten
nine eight seven six
great to put yourself you got this one
back down he's the mountain climbers
here we go 10 20
[Music]
thirty last ten nine eight seven six
five four three two one and let's go you
guys to watch drops here we go we got
one two three four five explosive last
two nine ten ten good job you guys oh
you did
we're gonna do some ads now so you're
not done yet
but you already and you're through the
hardest part of the workout so high five
and we're gonna do some cords together
take a right here we have a full minute
to catch our bus and get ready to use
our cores and once we've done the court
foods a little really nice cool down
together so look are you guys another 20
seconds just focus on your breath
breathing
[Music]
nice deep breaths hopefully you guys
have a sweat towel I forgot mine
we're just sweating all over the place
right now all right so we have a few
exercises today we're gonna do some dead
bugs some sprinters crunches and some
bird dogs okay so we're gonna jump right
into it starting with the dead bug on
your back reverse tabletop position
before you even start you guys tuck the
pelvis under you want to think about
sewing the blower parker abdomen to
ribcage you're sucking it in belly
button into the spine brace the core
from here shoulders are away from the
ears but your chest is lifted we're
straining one arm back one leg back
opposite side nice and slow
good nice long controlled if this
bothers your neck you place it here just
remember to actively press your lower
back into the floor alternatively you
can just do taps right here with the
legs so good for your core and your
alignment we got five
for three fit up to and one good Hogan
Knows like in to your chest and we're
gonna do a sprinter structure so
sprinter scratch belly button into the
spine again you're starting in a
sprinters position and we're just
reaching up okay so we got 10 9 8 w guys
7 6 5 4 3 2 1
you can rest for a second and coming up
on the other side 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 & 1
flipping over last go exercise art for
dogs
these are an easier exercise so you've
got the hard part out of the way we're
starting with click the table top of the
shin and you're gonna bring one leg out
reverse so it's pretty much a dead bug
put on front side of your body making
sure that your hips don't wobble back
and forth like this might keep them
stable and if you were carrying
something on your back you wouldn't let
it fall up and crash so you want to stay
stable as possible you're gonna do that
by placing it for when you get to the
top part of the motion
squeeze that boot really focusing hair
blue just drawing your mind into your
body focusing on that mind-body
connection of mind muscle connection we
got four left
last one and relax you guys good job you
are done but don't skip the cooldown
because it's gonna be really important
for you to feel good so I want you to
just get into Child's Pose position okay
so this is back on your feet you can
either have your knees on either side of
the mat next is wide or you can have
them together whatever feels better for
you I'm kind of feeling this today
letting your lip cage expand reach those
arms out in front of you and just bet
your forehead on your mat and relax for
a second take a deep breath in right
here fill your lungs and exhale and
reach to the right
[Music]
reach to the left just quieting the mind
and appreciating all that hard work that
you just put in coming up now to the
tabletop position for some finishing
house rounding the spine just
bringing your focus to your breath good
back to neutral spine tuck the toes
under press back into a downward dog
I had a lot of those heels get a nice
structure about your leg and then let's
pick up that right leg thread it through
for pigeon this is your mobility that's
totally fine you can stay here if more
is available to you you can come down
and stretch out in front whatever feels
good to you
your yogi unlike myself
you can grab from this foot length extra
swamp stretch fun fact I actually used
to be very into yoga about five years
ago I practiced every day for a couple
years now we're gonna press back again
into downward dog fit all of the feet
raise the left leg and it's coming to on
the side doing what feels good for you I
don't practice it so much anymore so I
don't have the best yoga knowledge
anymore but I remember really loving it
[Music]
good and press back last time you're
going to be in the downward dog position
so we'll pull out your feet a good feel
walk the hands back to the feet and it's
just hang over our legs for a second but
the shoulders go let the arms go looking
that go peddling out the legs let's
slowly roll up vertebra by vertebra five
four three two one and since we did some
squats
today we're stretch our quads together
you're gonna grab your foot knees
together arm up
[Music]
and switch sides good one arm across
body guys I'm feeling amazing I hope you
guys switch sides I hope you're feeling
better than you did before you started
this workout and you're taking care of
yourself and your mind and your body and
just doing what you can last stretch arm
overhead if you guys follow me on
Instagram you know that I was talking
about just doing what you can right now
it's not going to maybe for all of us be
about getting super shredded right now
switch sides maybe for you it's just
about taking care of yourself and for
your mental health feeling good getting
some movement in and taking some of the
pressure off to lose weight or have
really crazy goals right now with so
much other things going on I just want
you guys to keep moving and manage your
stress levels alright you guys thank you
so much I hope you had an awesome great
workout and if you loved this video if
you did the workout with me please give
it a thumbs up give it a like and
subscribe for more content Taylor to
petite women if you guys want to see
more guided workouts like this please
let me know in the comments what kind of
workouts you want if you enjoyed it and
please share this with a friend who
might be quarantined at home and I will
see you guys next week
love you bye
[Music]